yo everyone's river here and we're doing
another episode of quest burger planner
pack and I've got a really good feeling
about this attack some reason I just
think what let's go for it I just think
some reason I'm doing something good for
its NES from the front haven't had any I
don't think so all right let's go from a
4140 Microsoft Points left and we're
gonna go straight in for the old patios
wonder what we're gonna get I reckon
we'll get something good I'm just got
fear them call weird feeling I know it's
not my super psychic feeling always goes
wrong it's a new feeling I promise it's
gonna work ready for ah I'll freeze
you fasters curly haired bastard oh my
looking little red cheeks are like a
little doll anyway hug breeze boom in
the truck off with nothing mobile web oh
it's a good man and he wants chanukah
valium bioassay first pack will do three
more get three more loads of craps and
then we can end this episode I really
need to get something good soon I'm
going to lose my mind seriously am FIFA
EA be good to me come on do me a favor
do me a favor please sort your lives out
right what we gonna get there be good
i'll swear get annoyed i'm not getting
anything good please oh my gosh burden
and and I don't know is heavy on its
fire burn those were pretty much nothing
anymore but it's still a little bit an
85 as well is Fabiano I to discard him
last time right if anything I haven't
noticed that's the first look no they
all look crap either they're orange and
this guy's about 55 years old thing I
damn it go grab it oh yeah might even
discard oh god my will do two more packs
then let's go back back off and on two
more packs and then we are digitally
done with this episode and this should
be a couple more episodes to come and
they're not be an end of the series and
hopefully we get a good plan because if
we don't oh my god I'm the unluckiest
kid ever why are we go you know who that
is on the front of that pack but
whatever you give me some luck I know he
is gone give me something good leave
bang oh my god Fellaini bel ami where
he's moving his BTW yeah well oh crap
he's very stacking we'll see ya soon
anyway Galvis oh god I'm getting
depressed all these pack time again
almost got 100 grand in this car value
so suppose that's okay write down the
last pack for this episode and we're
gonna see if we get anything good and if
we don't surprise surprise it's gonna
get give me something good on the last
pack or something just take the Macau me
I guarantee oh well at one thing I saw
Alice for one good thing also I didn't
pick up get one good thing and then I'll
be happy just just the Ronaldo it's a
messy how much to ask for is it surely
no let's see what we get looks like
place an amazing I've got gold people
from no home never heard of him always
said of people have never heard of some
good Premiership in there right another
crap pack go miss your terrible anyway
look at these next cheer are you having
a cheese roll Oh anyway thank you for
watching everyone oh my god we got
another pair of episode again but I hope
you enjoy me just talking over it and
yeah thank you for watching again and
I'll speak to your very soon